# Python challenges

>_[Training](./training) / [Python](./python) / Challenges_


![Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo](bon-la-brute-et-le-trua-ii06-g.jpg)

The exercises are ordered roughly in order of difficulty, but it's a bit
haphazard.

### How to run tests locally?

```shell
###  Install python:
$ sudo apt-get install python

###  Go inside your project folder and:
$ python *test.py
```

http://www.commitstrip.com/fr/2016/02/22/when-the-functional-tests-are-all-red/

### 1.Hello World

Write a program that greets the user by name, or by saying "Hello,
World!" if no name is given.

[README](./python-hello-world/)

### 2.Leap 

Write a program that will take a year and report if it is a leap year.

[README](./python-leap/)

### 3.Pangram 

Determine if a sentence is a pangram.

[README](./python-pangram/)

### 4.Rna Transcription 

Write a program that, given a DNA strand, returns its RNA complement
(per RNA transcription).

[README](./python-rna-transcription/)

### 5.Hamming 

Write a program that can calculate the Hamming difference between two
DNA strands.

[README](./python-hamming/)

### 6.Word Count 

Write a program that given a phrase can count the occurrences of each
word in that phrase.

[README](./python-word-count/)

### 7.Gigasecond

Write a program that will calculate the date that someone turned or will
celebrate their 1 Gs anniversary.

[README](./python-gigasecond/)

### 8. Bob 

Bob is a lackadaisical teenager. In conversation, his responses are very
limited.

[README](./python-bob/)

### 9. Run Length Encoding 

Implement run-length encoding and decoding.

[README](./python-run-length-encoding/)

### 10. Meetup 

Calculate the date of meetups.

[README](./python-meetup/)

### 11. Difference Of Squares 

Find the difference between the sum of the squares and the square of the
sums of the first N natural numbers.

[README](./python-difference-of-squares/)

### 12. Anagram 

Write a program that, given a word and a list of possible anagrams,
selects the correct sublist.

[README](./python-anagram/)

### 13. Allergies 

Write a program that, given a person's allergy score, can tell them
whether or not they're allergic to a given item, and their full list of
allergies.

[README](./python-allergies/)

### 14. Series 

Write a program that will take a string of digits and give you all the
contiguous substrings of length \`n\` in that string.

[README](./python-series/)

### 15. Robot Simulator 

Write a robot simulator.

[README](./python-robot-simulator/)

### 16. Sieve 

Write a program that uses the Sieve of Eratosthenes to find all the
primes from 2 up to a given number.

[README](./python-sieve/)

### 17. Atbash Cipher

Create an implementation of the atbash cipher, an ancient encryption
system created in the Middle East.

[README](./python-atbash-cipher/)

### 18. Sum Of Multiples

Write a program that, given a number, can find the sum of all the
multiples of particular numbers up to but not including that number.

[README](./python-sum-of-multiples/)

### 19. Acronym 

Convert a long phrase to its acronym

[README](./python-acronym/)

### 20. Say 

Write a program that will take a number from 0 to 999,999,999,999 and
spell out that number in English.

[README](./python-say/)

### 21. Largest Series Product 

Write a program that, when given a string of digits, can calculate the
largest product for a contiguous substring of digits of length n.

[README](./python-largest-series-product/)

### 22. Kindergarten Garden 

Write a program that, given a diagram, can tell you which plants each
child in the kindergarten class is responsible for.

[README](./python-kindergarten-garden/)

### 23. Grade School 

Write a small archiving program that stores students' names along with
the grade that they are in.

[README](./python-grade-school/)

### 24.Roman Numerals 

Write a function to convert from normal numbers to Roman Numerals: e.g.

[README](./python-roman-numerals/)

### 25. Space Age 

Write a program that, given an age in seconds, calculates how old
someone is in terms of a given planet's solar years.

[README](./python-space-age/)

### 26. Grains 

Write a program that calculates the number of grains of wheat on a
chessboard given that the number on each square doubles.

[README](./python-grains/)

### 27. Luhn 

Write a program that can take a number and determine whether or not it
is valid per the Luhn formula.

[README](./python-luhn/)

### 28. Etl 

We are going to do the \`Transform\` step of an Extract-Transform-Load.

[README](./python-etl/)

### 29. Prime Factors 

Compute the prime factors of a given natural number.

[README](./python-prime-factors/)

### 30. Pig Latin 

Implement a program that translates from English to Pig Latin

[README](./python-pig-latin/)

### 31. Simple Cipher 

Implement a simple shift cipher like Caesar and a more secure
substitution cipher

[README](./python-simple-cipher/)

### 32. Scrabble Score

Write a program that, given a word, computes the scrabble score for that
word.

[README](./python-scrabble-score/)

### 33. Crypto Square 

Implement the classic method for composing secret messages called a
square code.

[README](./python-crypto-square/)

### 34. Sublist 

Write a function to determine if a list is a sublist of another list.

[README](./python-sublist/)

### 35. Pythagorean Triplet 

There exists exactly one Pythagorean triplet for which a
Find the product a \* b \* c.

[README](./python-pythagorean-triplet/)

### 36. Robot Name 

Write a program that manages robot factory settings.

[README](./python-robot-name/)

### 37. Matrix 

Write a program that, given a string representing a matrix of numbers,
can return the rows and columns of that matrix.

[README](./python-matrix/)

### 38. Nth Prime 

Write a program that can tell you what the nth prime is.

[README](./python-nth-prime/)

### 39. Saddle Points 

Write a program that detects saddle points in a matrix.

[README](./python-saddle-points/)

### 40. Beer Song 

Write a program which produces the lyrics to that beloved classic, that
field-trip favorite: 99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall.

[README](./python-beer-song/)

### 41. Secret Handshake 

Write a program that will take a decimal number, and convert it to the
appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.

[README](./python-secret-handshake/)

### 42. Twelve Days 

Write a program that outputs the lyrics to 'The Twelve Days of
Christmas'

[README](./python-twelve-days/)

### 43. Binary 

Write a program that will convert a binary number, represented as a
string (e.g. '101010'), to its decimal equivalent using first principles

[README](./python-binary/)

### 44. Palindrome Products 

Write a program that can detect palindrome products in a given range.

[README](./python-palindrome-products/)

### 45. Bracket Push 

Make sure the brackets and braces all match.

[README](./python-bracket-push/)

### 46. Hexadecimal 

Write a program that will convert a hexadecimal number, represented as a
string (e.g. "10af8c"), to its decimal equivalent using first principles
(i.e. no, you may not use built-in or external libraries to accomplish
the conversion).

[README](./python-hexadecimal/)

### 47. Minesweeper

Write a program that adds the numbers to a minesweeper board

[README](./python-minesweeper/)

### 48. Queen Attack 

Write a program that positions two queens on a chess board and indicates
whether or not they are positioned so that they can attack each other.

[README](./python-queen-attack/)

### 49. Wordy 

Write a program that takes a word problem and returns the answer as an
integer.

[README](./python-wordy/)

### 50. Phone Number 

Write a program that cleans up user-entered phone numbers so that they
can be sent SMS messages.

[README](./python-phone-number/)

### 51. Ocr Numbers 

Write a program that, given a 3 x 4 grid of pipes, underscores, and
spaces, can determine which number is represented, or whether it is
garbled.

[README](./python-ocr-numbers/)

### 52. House 

Write a program that outputs the nursery rhyme 'This is the House that
Jack Built'.

[README](./python-house/)

### 53. Triangle 

Write a program that can tell you if a triangle is equilateral,
isosceles, or scalene.

[README](./python-triangle/)

### 54. Poker 

Pick the best hand(s) from a list of poker hands.

[README](./python-poker/)

### 55. Zebra Puzzle 

Write a program that solves the zebra puzzle.

[README](./python-zebra-puzzle/)

### 56. Rectangles 

Count the rectangles in an ASCII diagram.

[README](./python-rectangles/)
